- [Instructor] So now, we're going to step away
from the relational databases
and take a look at a NoSQL database with Quarkus
using Apache Cassandra.
Now, I'm going to be using a distribution from DataStax
that is an open source distribution of Apache Cassandra.
Now, in the exercise files for this course
in the bin directory,
you'll notice that I've provided several files.
For this video, we're going to use the start_cassandra script
to actually start an instance of Cassandra using Docker.
Now, if you don't want to use Docker,
you're free to install Cassandra locally,
but do know that my script is going
to execute the schema.cql and data.cql scripts
to populate the database.
One thing to note here as we run the start_cassandra script,
that I've got a pretty big pause in there
to allow the database to come up before these execute.
So be patient. It's going to take at least two minutes.
And if you find that cqlsh can not connect to your database,
then you need to go into that script
and increase the timeout
so that instead of 200, maybe it's 300 or 400.
That way you have plenty of time to allow it to start up
before those scripts execute.
So now that we've got Cassandra up and running
and we've got data populated,
let's jump into our IDE and let's start a new application.
Now, once again, I'm going to use a plugin in my IDE.
You are free to do this through the website
or through the Maven plugin itself.
However you want to start the application,
you've got several options, but I'm just going to use my IDE
and create a new module.
Allow it to be Quarkus.
Put in my group.
For this artifact name,
I'm going to simply call this cmd-app-nosql.
Now, we don't need to select any web components,
but we do need to go into the data and select,
DataStax Apache Cassandra client.
Hit Next. We'll allow that to finish.
Now, within this application,
let's go to src, main resources.
Open up the application properties file.
We're going to put it in a couple of values in here.
So quarkus.cassandra.contact-points,
and we're running this on localhost,
so we'll use the loopback, 9042.
And the local data center's going to be dc1.
So now, let's go in
and let's delete the example resource that we get.
We will create a new Java class.
We're going to call this Runner.
The first thing that we need to do
is we need to annotate this with QuarkusMain,
and we're going to implement Quarkus application.
Go ahead and generate that method.
Now, before we code in here,
we need to have an object that represents
what we're going to build.
So let's create a new class before we populate this one.
We're going to simply call this one Room.
Now, very similar schema was used
between the SQL and the NoSQL,
but in this case, it is just a little bit different.
So let's go ahead and do a private String of roomNumber,
private String of bedInfo,
and a private String of name.
I'm going to go ahead and generate a constructor
using all the elements,
a constructor using none of the elements.
Getters and setters.
And then, finally, I'm going to do a toString.
That's all we need to do in the Room class.
So now, back to our Runner.
So I want to inject
a QuarkusCqlSession,
and we'll just simply call it cqlSession.
Now, I'm going to use the Java Driver in a very raw fashion.
There are more advanced ways to use the Java Driver,
and I'm just trying to give you a taste
of what this looks like with respect
to the way RDS implements.
So I'm going to do a raw implementation.
Again, there's more than one way to do this,
and the guides have very good documentation
on both the DataStax site as well as on the Quarkus site.
Let's go ahead and add a Logger.
Now, down in our method here,
we're going to do a LOG.debug,
like we've done before, starting application.
And now, we're going to create a cql string.
So select roomNumber, bedInfo, and name
from the LinkedIn Learning lil namespace
and the rooms table.
And I'm going to create a list of rooms.
Go ahead and import those.
I'm going to create a ResultSet.
I go into cqlSession.execute,
and I'm going to pass in my cql.
Did not import the right ResultSet.
I got the one from java.sql.
So I'll remove that import and grab the right one.
All right, so now I'm going to iterate over the rows
of the ResultSet,
and I'm simply going to do a rooms.add new Room,
and we're going to pass it in
as row.getString room_number,
and continue doing this for the rest of the elements.
And now, after the loop,
I will simply do a rooms.forEach,
and I'll do a System.out::println,
and then do my LOG.debug.
All right, that's really all there is to it.
So let's go ahead and run this application.
And, again, you can do the Maven compile
executing Quarkus plugin.
I'm going to run it through my IDE.
There's many ways to do that.
We'll allow it to run, and you'll see we pulled
all of the data out of the database.
So we're using basically the same technology
we'd use for JDBC, only we're using a NoSQL,
but we're still able to pull data
from the database using this technology.
Again, check out the guides.
You'll see a lot more information,
and there's a lot better ways to do this,
and there's probably a lot better ways
to model the data as well.
That wasn't really the focus of this course.